Copyright (C) 2013, 2014 Julian Marchant <onpon4@riseup.net>

Copying and distribution of this file, with or without modification,
are permitted in any medium without royalty provided the copyright
notice and this notice are preserved.  This file is offered as-is,
without any warranty.

========================================================================


Introduction
------------------------------------------------------------------------

This document describes how version numbering works for the SGE as of
May 10, 2013.

This version numbering system is also used for xSGE.  However, the
version number of an xSGE release is not connected to the version number
of any SGE release.  xSGE documentation should indicate what version(s)
of the SGE it is compatible with.


Components
------------------------------------------------------------------------

The version number is divided into three main components: the major
version number, the minor version number, and the bugfix number.  The
components are separated by a dot (".") in the form:
"major.minor.bugfix".

Note: The dot which separates the version number components is not a
decimal point.  Any of the components can increase to any amount.  For
example, the version after "1.3.9" might be "1.3.10".

The major and minor version numbers indicate features and compatibility.
All variations of the major and minor version numbers are expected to
originate in the SGE specification, and SGE implementations are expected
to inheret the major and minor version numbers of the specificaiton
version they follow.  There are two kinds of releases: unstable
releases, and stable releases.

Unstable releases have the major version number 0 and only increment the
minor version and bugfix numbers. Unstable releases have no guarantee of
compatibility with each other; for example, version 0.13 might be
incompatible with version 0.12.

Stable releases increment both the major and minor version numbers.
Changes in the major version number indicate compatibility breakage; for
example, a program designed for version 1.0 of the SGE can be expected
to not work with version 2.0 of the SGE.  Changes in the minor version
number indicate feature additions and other changes which are not likely
to affect compatibility, meaning that a program designed for version 1.0
of the SGE can be expected to also work with version 1.3.

The bugfix version number indicates only bug fixes.  In the case of the
SGE specification, this includes typo corrections to docstrings and
comments as well as fixes to code supplied by the template.  For SGE
implementations, this includes any bug introduced by the implementation.
Unlike the major and minor version numbers, this number is not the same
between implementations and the specifications they follow.

Within the source repository, the SGE specification and all SGE
implementations should be given the special version number
"bleeding-edge", unless they are identical to a release, in which case
they should have the same version number as that release.
